-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.) DUNGEON THREE - "The Manji"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          -------
 A       | K |OM |
          -------     ---
 B           |   |   | T |
      ---------|---------   
 C   |   |   - K - M ||B |
      ------------------- 
 D   |   - C |   ||  |   |
      -------------------
 E   | R |   | K |
      ---     -------
 F           | K | X |
              -------   

       1   2   3   4   5


KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
R = Raft
BM = Bombs
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

This is where the dungeons start to get just a bit more complicated and 
lengthy, but they still shouldn't be considered "hard" yet. This dungeon is 
called the Manji dungeon... unfortunatly, I don't know if Nintendo is sensitive 
to this sort of thing in Japan as we are here in America and the rest of the 
world, but a Manji is the same shape as the Nazi Swastikaa... which is just 
plain wrong. But whatever, it's just a videogame. You shouldn't read into 
everything, right!? Then again, how can you not. The damn dungeon is just in a 
shape that offends everyone, including me. I'm just curious what they were 
thinking. But enough on that.

1.) F4 (entrance) - As you enter the dungeon, you'll notice that you can only 
go one way. So go that way, left, to F3.

2.) F3 - Here, you'll notice several large Gels, called Zols. They split up 
into Gels when you hit them with the Wooden Sword, but being that you have the 
White Sword equipped, they die with one hit and that's it. So kill them all, 
and whatever they drop, pick up. In the room when they all die is a key, which 
you should also pick up, before heading north to the next room, E3.

3.) E3 - In this room, there are more Zols for you to kill. The diagonal 
dividers here shouldn't prove to be too much trouble for you while fighting 
them, it just makes your fighting quarters a little tighter. When you kill all 
of the Zols, they drop a key. Grab it and head to D3, which is to the north.

4.) D3 - In this room, there are three Darknuts. Kill them if you can, or just 
avoid them. You can go north or west, but first, go west, to D2.

5.) D2 - In this here room, there is a Compass in the center. Be weary when you 
enter the room, however, as there are traps on all four corners of the room 
that'll shoot at you! Kill the various Keese in the room and grab the Compass. 
Use a key on the door at the left of the room, and enter into that room, which 
is __.

6.) D1 - In this room, there are a crap load of red knight enemies, called 
Darknuts. Darknuts walk around the room and don't attack, but are annoying to 
defeat, because they are only vulnerable in the back and side. If you slash at 
them when they're facing you, you'll hear a "clang" noise which means they 
blocked your attack with their shield. Kill all the Darknuts in this room and 
the door to the south will open up for you to go through. Go south through that 
door, to E1.

7.) E1 - In this room, there is a staircase to the right of the room. First, 
kill the plethora of Darknuts in this room, grabbing whatever they drop. They 
drop a crapload of Bombs if you need any, as well as Hearts and rupees. Grab 
what you can and then go down the stairs to the basement of that room. In the 
basement, go down the ladder and kill the four Keeses patrolling the basement 
if you like. Grab the Raft sitting there, and then go back upstairs. Leave the 
room going north, back to D1.

8.) D1 - Back here, simply shoot north across the room, to C1.

9.) C1 - Here, there are a crapload of enemies for you to contend with. Zols, 
Keese, and new enemies we've yet to encounter, called Bubbles, which are the 
glowing orbs shooting around the room. You can't damage them with your sword, 
so just avoid them, and kill the other enemies in the room. Grab the key in the 
room that they are all guarding as well. Then shoot right into the next room, 
which is room C2.

10.) C2 - In this room, it's a normal size place but you are stuck in a small 
corridor that only allows you to go horizontal across the room. That's okay 
though. Kill the Keese in the room, and Bombs will appear if you need them. 
Otherwise, go straight across and use a Key on the door to gain entrance to C3.

11.) C3 - This room holds many options for us. First and foremost, kill the 
three Zols to get them out of the way. Going south will lead us backwards, 
basically, so don't bother doing that. First go north and use the key on the 
door there to gain entrance to B3.

12.) B3 - In this room, be weary of the traps as you enter, otherwise they'll 
shoot down and damage you. Kill the two Zols in this room. The door to the 
north, the only way out of the room other than going back the way you came, is 
sealed shut. The left block of the two blocks in the center of the room should 
be pushed over, which will open the sealed door. Then go north through it, to 
A3.

13.) A3 - This is the Old Man's room of the dungeon. He'll ask you, "Did you 
get the sword from the Old Man on top of the waterfall?" Being that you did 
that in the beginning of the game (he's referring to the White Sword, of 
course), you can ignore him and go left, to A2.

14.) A2 - In this room, kill all of the Keese and grab the key they are 
guarding. It's that simple. Then we have to backtrack, so go back right to A3.

15.) A3 - Go south from here, back to B3.

16.) B3 - Go south again (be careful of the traps!), to room C3.

17.) C3 - Now that we're back in this room, go to the door at the right and use 
a key on it to open it. Then shoot through that door, to C4.

18.) C4 - In this room, again, be careful of the traps as you enter the room. 
Then, kill the two Zols in the center of the room and grab the Map there. Now, 
if you're not using the map that I made at the top of this section, you can 
know where you're going now! Now, you have some options. If you want to make a 
few rupees (it's not much, so I wouldn't bother), you can head south to D4. If 
not, bomb the right wall, and go through the hole you make in the wall, to C5, 
which is the bosses chamber.

19.) C5 - Manhandla's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - M A N H A N D L A

Manhandla looks pretty menacing, but trust me, he's not. You can beat Manhandla 
in a variety of ways. There is one really easy way (which could be considered 
cheap, I suppose) and another few ways to defeat him. The cheap way, and the 
way I most enjoy beating him, is simply placing a bomb in his path and beating 
him in one shot. While it's a difficult thing to destroy all four of his limbs 
with one bomb shot, if you place is strategically so that it'll blow up when he 
goes over it, it'll take him out in one shot, and one shot only, baby. If you 
want to attack him with your sword, you'll have to go limb-by-limb on him, 
which makes him tougher, because you'll have to continuously get in close to 
him to swipe. Eight hits with the Magic Sword will do him in (two hits will 
make one limb disappear, and so on and so forth). If you use the bomb technique 
on him, make sure you make it a good hit. Otherwise, you'll have to go back in 
with your sword or use another bomb to finish him off. It's a waste of time, 
energy, and items.

After Manhandla is defeated, go north to B5.

21.) B5 - Grab the Triforce in this room, and your energy will be refilled and 
you'll be transported outside of the dungeon. Three down, six to go!

Once outside of the dungeon, head back to the origin... it's straightforward. 
Just leave the dungeon area (which heads west), then shoot north one screen and 
east another to get out of the Lost Woods. You should know how to get back to 
the origin from there. Once back at the origin, we have some stuff to take care 
of before proceeding to dungeon four.
