-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18.) DUNGEON EIGHT  - "The Lion"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    ---
  A                |   |
                -----------
  B            |   =   | MK|
            ---------------
  C        | T |   = M |
            ---------||----
  D        | B | OM|   |   |
        -----||------------
  E    | OM| K |   -   |
        -------------------
  F    | K | K | K | K | C |
        -------------||----
  G                |   |
            ---------------
  H        | MB|   | X | K |
            ---------------

         1   2   3   4   5    
     
KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
MB = Magic Book
MC = Magic Key
R = Rupees
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

Dungeon eight is small and straightforward, thankfull enough, because after we 
conquer this dungeon, off to Death Mountain we go... and that dungeon is 
anything but small and straightforward. In anycase, the boss enemy is a boss 
we've already fought before, just like Aquamentus' return in the last dungeon. 
In this dungeon, we fight Gleeok... harder than Aquamentus, but still 
elementary, my dear. =)

1.) H4 (entrance) - From the entrance, head right through the door, to room H5.

2.) H5 - In this darkened room, use the Red Candle to light it up, and then 
kill the Zols and other enemies in there, avoiding the Bubbles as you go. In 
the middle of the room is a Key, which you should grab, and then exit out of 
the room, back to the entrance, to room H4.

3.) H4 - Once back in the entrance, take the door to the left, to room H3.

4.) H3 - In this room, two statues shoot fireballs at you from the center of 
the room while a Manhandla runs around causing havoc. You have to defeat the 
Manhandla to get the door to the left to open, so kill him, using your Magical 
Sword, or Bombs, whichever you want. He's easy now, he just gets faster as you 
cut off his limbs, but he was like that every time we've fought him, so this 
should be nothing new for you. When he's defeated, get the five rupees as your 
reward in between the two statues (avoid or block their fireballs), and go 
through the door at the left of the room, into room H2.

5.) H2 - In this room, there are Darknuts, Gibdos and Bubbles for you to 
contend with. Avoid the Bubbles and slay the Darknuts. They aren't so annoying 
anymore, just make sure to hit them in the back or sides, or otherwise you 
won't damage them, as you know by now. The Gibdos are elementary to defeat as 
well, so fear not. When they are all defeated, push the block at the left of 
the staircase in the middle of the room to gain access to it. Go down the 
stairs into the basement of the room, where there are Keeses and a Magic Book. 
Grab the Magic Book, avoid or kill the Keeses, and go back to the main floor. 
Then leave this room the way you came in, to the door at the right, to room H3.

6.) H3 - Shoot across this room, while avoiding the fireballs from the statues, 
back to the entrance of the dungeon, room H4.

7.) H4 - Once back at the entrance again, go north through the door there, to 
room G4.

8.) G4 - In this room, there is another Manhandla for you to battle. Do 
whatever you want to it, just kill it. =) Grab the five rupees he drops, and 
then bomb the middle of the northern wall to make an exit out of this room, and 
go through the hole to room F4.

9.) F4 - In this room, there are Statues and blue Darknuts galore. Ignore them 
for now, and unlock the door to the right of the room, and enter into that 
room, which is room F5.

10.) F5 - Light up this darkened room with the Red Candle, and then slay all of 
the hoping and jumping Pols Voices. Grab the Compass that they guard, and head 
back to the previous room, room F4.

11.) F4 - Back here, kill all of the blue Darknuts in this room. When they are 
all defeated, the rooms to the north and the west become available, and they 
also drop a key. Grab the key, and go through the western door, to room F3.

12.) F3 - In this room, light it up with a Red Candle, and then slay all of the 
beasties in here, including the Pols Voices and whatever else, to get the key 
they drop when they are all defeated. Then simply head left into the next room, 
which is room F2.

13.) F2 - In this room, there are four statues trying to hit you with their 
fireballs, and three red Darknuts, the weaker variety of Darknut. Avoid the 
fireballs and slay the Darknuts, and they'll drop a key. Grab the key, and head 
back to the right, to room F3.

14.) F3 - Once back in this room, light it up with a Red Candle once more, and 
then take the northern door, to room E3.

15.) E3 - In this room is a Gohma, like we've fought in the past, but this one 
is blue, and takes three hits with your Bow and Arrow to fell. Be patient with 
him, it takes a little while, as he is only vulnerable when his eye is open, 
and he opens it rarely and for short bursts. Block whatever fireballs (or avoid 
them) that he shoots at you while you're waiting for that eye to open, and when 
it opens, pummel him. When he's defeated, go north through the door in that 
room, to room D3.

16.) D3 - This is the old man room. Heh heh. He says, "Spectacle Rock is an 
entrance to death." He's basically telling you that Death Mountain is where the 
last dungeon is. Just so you know. =) Leave that room back to the south, back 
to room E3.

17.) E3 - Back in the Gohma room, just head right, unlocking the door with a 
key, to the next room, room E4.

18.) E4 - In this room, there are Gibdos and Darknuts for you to slay, as well 
as two Bubbles for you to avoid at all costs! =) When they are defeated, 
they'll drop five rupees, which you can get if you want. After that, ignore the 
door leading south (leads to a room we've been to already), and unlock the door 
to the north, and go to room D4.

19.) D4 - As you enter into this room, two statues and six blue Darknuts are 
there to greet you. Kill them all and avoid those fireballs best you can, 
although you're more likely than not to take a beating in this room, it's 
pretty tough. When those Darknuts are defeated, the door to the right opens, 
but ignore it for now. Go north by bombing a wall in the middle of the north 
wall instead, to room C4.

20.) C4 - In this room, you'll meet yet another Manhandla. Kill him, and he'll 
drop a map. Then, simply unlock the door to the north of the room, and go 
through it, to room B4.

21.) B4 - In this room, another Gohma (blue colored) is here for you to fight. 
Shoot him in the eye with the Bow and Arrow three times like we did earlier on 
in the dungeon, and both doors in his lair will open. First, check the door to 
the right, which leads into room B5.

22.) B5 - In this room, there are two Pols Voices, two red Darknuts, and two 
blue Darknuts. Kill all of them, and then to gain access to the stairs in the 
middle of the room, push the left block of the box in the middle of the room, 
then go down the stairs into the basement of the room. Kill or avoid the Keeses 
down there, and grab the Magic Key, which negates using any other key in the 
game... you don't need anymore keys! Makes life so much easier. Go back 
upstairs, and then leave the room back through the left door, to room B4.

23.) B4 - The room to the north leads to some bombs, it's a waste, so don't go 
up there. Instead, go south, back to room C4.

24.) C4 - Just head south again, to room D4.

25.) D4 - Back here, you'll have to fight the blue Darknuts again. Kill them 
all, avoid the fireballs that the statue shoots, and the door to the right will 
open up, which you should now go through, to room D5.

26.) D5 - In this room, there's a plethora of enemies... Gibdos, and both kinds 
of Darknuts, as well as Bubbles. Just ignore them and go to the staircase at 
the righthand side of the room, which leads clear across the dungeon, to room 
F2.

27.) F2 - In this room, there are Pols Voices all over the place. Kill them 
all. The key in the corner of the room we don't need now that we have the Magic 
Key. Ignore the door to your left, and bomb the wall at the north of the room, 
which leads to the boss lair. The boss here is Gleeok, and we've fought him 
before, so fear not. This is room D2.

28.) D2 - Gleeok's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - G L E E O K

Gleeok is back, but he's just as simple (actually, he's more simple now, we 
have the Magical Sword this time around) as when we fought him earlier in the 
game, in the fourth dungeon, I believe. Run up to Gleeok and slash at him. 
Don't worry about getting hit by fireballs, just slash at his heads. Each two 
hits, one head will die, and it'll float around the room, as the enemy "Head of 
Gleeok." Finish Gleeok off totally with eight hits of the Magical Sword. He's 
really easy, just be tenacious and don't worry about playing defense with this 
guy. It's really not worth it.

After Gleeok is defeated, go north to room C2.

29.) C2 - In this room, grab the Triforce, and you'll be automatically healed 
and transported outside of the dungeon.

Once outside of the dungeon, we can go to Death Mountain. Before you go, make 
sure to visit a Fairy and get your life refilled, all 16 hearts! Also, go to 
the Old Woman and buy a Red Potion if you haven't got one already in your 
inventory. Bombs should also be stocked up to 16, and rupees, to 25 at least, 
which is the equivelant of 25 arrows, of course. When you're ready, head back 
to the origin and follow these directions to get to Death Mountain.

From the origin, go right, and then up all the way until you can't go up 
anymore. Then, go left, and up once more. Cross over the river with the 
stepladder, and go up the staircase to the left of the river, into the Death 
Mountain region. Go left two screens, until you get to a screen with two rocks, 
the "Spectacle Rocks." Bomb the left rock in the middle, towards the right a 
bit, to make a door. Enter into the door, and welcome to Death Mountain!
