-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17.) DUNGEON SEVEN  - "The Demon"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         -----------------------
  A     |   =   | K |   |   =   |
         -||--------------------
  B     |   |   = RC|   |   |
         -------------------
  C     |   |   = B | T |
         -||------------
  D     |   |   = K |
         -----------
  E     | BU|   |
         -|-----------
  F     |   |   | C | OM|
         -----------------------
  G     |   |   |   |   |   | K |
         -----------------------
  H     | K | X |   |
         -----------
 
          1   2   3   4   5   6
         
KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
RC = Red Candle
R = Rupees
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
BU = Bomb Upgrade [Old Man]
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

Dungeon Seven, "The Demon," isn't too difficult of a dungeon to defeat, 
especially after we got through the hell that is dungeon six, and we got out 
alive, to boot. =) The dungeon is pretty big, but pretty smushed together. You 
shouldn't get too lost... plus, the boss is Aquamentus... the boss from the 
first dungeon, so... ha ha ha, don't laugh!

1.) H2 (entrance) - Once you enter this dungeon, you can go north, or you can 
go east. Ignore the door to the north, and head east, into room H3.

2.) H3 - In this room, there are two Moldorms for you to attack. Kill both of 
them, and some Bombs will appear in the room, if you need any. Once done in 
there, head north, to room G3.

3.) G3 - Here in this room, use the Blue Candle right away so you can see what 
you're doing in this darkened room, and you'll see a bunch of Keeses on the 
attack. Kill them all, and manuver around the huge box in the middle of the 
room, giving the Keeses the advantage. When they are all defeated, ignore the 
door heading left (no reason to go there), and head right, to room G4.

4.) G4 - This room is chock full of boomerang chucking Goriyas for you to 
fight. Kill all of them, and then head through the door at the right of the 
room, to room G5.

5.) G5 - In this room, there is a Digdogger. Just ignore it, don't bother 
fighting him. He's easy (especially with the Whistle), but it's a waste of 
time. Just go around him, to the door at the right of the room, which leads 
into room G6.

6.) G6 - In this room, there are some weak Stalfos enemies walking around. One 
of them is carrying a key. Slay all of these weak enemies, and grab the Key 
which one of them drops. Then head left, back to the room where the Digdogger 
is, room G5.

7.) G5 - Just avoid the Digdogger again as you head to your left, back to room 
G4.

8.) G4 - Back in this room, take the north door, to room F4.

9.) F4 - In this room, there is an old man. Listen to the old man's wise words; 
"There's a secret in the tip of the nose." Yeah, whatever. =P Anywho, after you 
talk to him, you can go back south, back to room G4.

10.) G4 - Back here, just swing back west, to room G3.

11.) G3 - Use the Blue Candle in this room again, then take the outside of the 
room around the box to the north wall. Bomb the middle of the north wall to 
create a hole in the wall, and go north through it, to room G3.

12.) F3 - This room needs to be lit up with the Blue Candle, so do that first. 
Then, kill all the weak little Stalfos running around. When all of them are 
defeated, a Compass will appear. Grab the Compass, then head through the left 
door, to room F2.

13.) F2 - This room has a bunch of Goriyas, of both varieties, for you to kill. 
Slay them all, and then go through the left door, to room F1.

14.) F1 - In this room, there are three Dodongos waiting to take you on. Just 
biomb the hell out of 'em. You can bomb them so they eat them (which takes two 
bombs per Dodongo), or bomb them so it freezes them, and then hack at them with 
your sword. Either or, it doesn't matter to me. =) When they are all defeated, 
use a key on the north door, entering into room E1.

15.) E1 - In this room, an old man will sell you the second of two bomb 
capacity upgrades found in the game. Give him 100 rupees and he'll give you 16 
Bombs maximum, which is a good deal, 'cause trust me, you'll need them later. 
If you don't have 100 rupees, go fight Stalfos and Goriyas back around the 
beginning of the dungeon until you do. After you buy the upgrade, go back south 
into the Dodongo room, room F1.

16.) F1 - Back in the Dodongo room, head south, to room G1.

17.) G1 - In this room, be weary of the traps by both doors. Kill the Keese in 
the room to get them to drop some Bombs when they are all dead, and then head 
south again, to room H1.

18.) H1 - In this room, avoid the fireballs shot by the two statues in the 
room, and grab the Key, while killing or avoiding the Ropes in the room. After 
you nab the key, head back north, to room G1.

19.) G1 - Avoid the traps once more in this room, as you head north to room F1.

20.) F1 - Back in the Dodongo room once more, head east, back to room F2.

21.) F2 - Once you're back in this room, just head north, through the door 
there, to room E2.

22.) E2 - In this room, there are a plethora of enemies, including Bubbles, 
Keese, and Goriyas. Kill the Goriyas and Keese while avoiding the Bubbles (as 
you can't kill them, as you should know by now). When the other enemies are 
defeated in the room, the door to the north will be open for you to go through. 
Go through that door now, to room D2.

23.) D2 - In this room, kill or ignore the Digdogger. While avoiding all of the 
fireballs from the statues in the room, go to the righthand wall and bomb the 
middle of it to make a hole. Then, go through the hole into room D3.

24.) D3 - Here, you'll encounter two more Moldorms. Kill both of them and a key 
will appear. Grab the key, and simply head back west, to the room previous 
where we fought/avoided the Digdogger, room D2.

25.) D2 - Go left through this room now, to the door there, to room D1.

26.) D1 - As you enter this room, the door behind you will shut, so you'll be 
forced to fight the enemies within, which are basically numerous Goriyas. Kill 
them all, then use a key on the door to the north, and enter through that door, 
to room C1.

27.) C1 - This room is where we need the Monster Bait, so if for some retarded 
reason you didn't get it before coming here like I told you to, you need to 
leave the dungeon and get it. The monster will say "grumble grumble" but don't 
be afraid of his harsh words! Go up to him and use the Monster Bait on him, and 
he'll disappear, leaving the passage going north open, so go north, to room B1.

28.) B1 - Once in this room, use the Blue Candle so you can see. Kill all the 
Goriyas and Keeses in the room, and avoid those pesky Bubbles (I wish we can 
kill those bastards sometimes!) Then go to the middle of the north wall, and 
bomb through it, to get to a secret room. Go through the hole to room A1.

29.) A1 - In this room, just grab the numerous coinage, and then go back south, 
to room B1.

30.) B1 - Back here, just go to room B2, which is to the east through the door, 
just unlock it with a key.

31.) B2 - In this room, there are many a Goriya. Kill them all, and then shoot 
through the door at the north of the room, to room A2.

32.) A2 - In this room, there are more Goriyas, of both colors, for you to 
slay. Slay them all and gather whatever they drop, including the 5 rupee piece 
reward for killing them all. Then go through the door at the east of the room, 
which leads to A3.

33.) A3 - There are Goriyas and Statues in this room, but you don't necessarily 
have to fight any of them. Just get the key in the middle of the room that they 
are all guarding, and then go back through the door at the left of the room 
that you came in through, back to room A2.

34.) A2 - Go south, back to room B2.

35.) B2 - Once back here, go to the righthand wall, in the middle of it, and 
bomb it, then go through the hole you made in the wall, to room B3.

36.) B3 - In this room, kill all the Goriyas while avoiding their boomerangs 
and such. When they are all defeated, push the block on the lefthand side up, 
and enter into the staircase, which will lead to the basement of the room. Grab 
the Red Candle there while avoiding or killing the Keese, then resurface into 
the room. Go to the righthand side of the room, to the middle of the wall, and 
bomb through that wall as well, which will lead you to room B4.

37.) B4 - In this here room, there are a bunch of Goriyas and two locked doors. 
Kill all the Goriyas, and ignore the door leading north, instead unlocking the 
door leading to the east, which you should go through, to room B5.

38.) B5 - In this room, there are four statues shooting fireballs at you, and 
you'll have to fight a Digdogger as well. Just toot your Whistle, then destroy 
the three small Digdoggers with two hacks of your Magical Sword each. Then just 
go north, through the door to room A5.

39.) A5 - In this room, two statues take up the middle of the room (shooting 
fireballs, naturally) while you'll have to fight and kill three Dodongos. Break 
out your bombs, and then use the same strategy that you did earlier. When they 
are defeated, bomb the middle of the righthand wall, and enter through the hole 
you've made there, to room A6.

40.) A6 - This room is really pretty difficult. This is the first time in the 
game you actually have to kill the Wall Masters, which is a tricky proposition. 
All the while, you have to avoid those Bubbles, because if they hit you, you'll 
be unable to unsheath your sword for a few seconds, making you bait for the 
Wall Masters. Thankfully, the Wall Masters only take one hit each to defeat 
with the Magical Sword, so that's always good. There are five total, so defeat 
them all, and don't let them touch you, or back to the entrance of the dungeon 
you will find yourself! When they are all slain, push the middle block on the 
blocks going vertical across the room, and a staircase will appear in the 
corner of the room. Go down those stairs, to reappear on another side of the 
dungeon, room C2.

41.) C2 - When you resurface, you'll be in a room chock full of Goriya 
goodness. Kill all of the blue and red Goriyas, so the room is empty of any 
foes. When you're set, bomb the righthand wall in the middle, and enter into 
that room, to fight the boss, room C3.

42.) C3 - Aquamentus' Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - A Q U A M E N T U S

Well, we get to fight Aquamentus again, go figure. For those of you whom are 
dense (^_^), Aquamentus is the very first boss we fought in the game. Why they 
stuck him in the seventh dungeon is well beyond me, but go figure. He's the 
same exact dude we fought earlier on, but if you want to have some fun, equip 
the Bow and Arrow and shoot him in the head three times to subdue him. He's not 
treacherous anymore, so there's not much more I can say about him... just slay 
the begger! When he's defeated, just grab that heart piece and thank your lucky 
stars it was that easy to get. Wait 'til you fight Ganon. =)

After Aquamentus is defeated, go east to room C4.

43.) C4 - In this room, grab the Triforce, and you'll be automatically healed 
and transported outside of the dungeon. 

Once outside of the dungeon, we're ready to go right to the eighth dungeon, 
which is the final dungeon before Death Mountain! You stoked!? 'Cause you 
should be. =) Head all the way back to the origin, and make sure you're 15 
heart containers are full, as well as making sure you have red potion in your 
inventory. You can never be too safe.

From the origin, head right all the way a few screens until you hit water. This 
is the screen where we got a heart piece very early in the game. From here, 
head north two screens, and then go east along the top of the two paths. Head 
east, and then go south. Equip the Red Candle and burn the lone bush in the 
middle of the screen, the one that sticks out from the two groups of bushes, 
towards the righthand side of the screen. Enter the staircase that's under the 
bush there, and welcome yourself to the eighth dungeon!
