-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15.) DUNGEON FIVE  - "The Lizard"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


          -------
 A       | W |   |
      ---------------
 B   | T |   | K | BU|
      ---------------
 C   | B -   |   | K |
      ---------------
 D   |   |       | C |
      ---     -------
 E           | M | K |
          -----|-----
 F       | K |   |   |
      ---------------
 G   |   =   = K - OM|
      ------------||-
 H           | X | K |
              -------

       1   2   3   4

KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
W = Whistle
R = Rupees
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
BU = Bomb Upgrade [Old Man]
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

The fifth dungeon can be a bit annoying, and is harder than any dungeon we've 
yet to face in the game as of now, but that's perfectly natural. The cool thing 
about this dungeon is that you can buy a Bomb Capacity Addition, which allows 
you to carry 12 Bombs instead of just 8. It costs 100 rupees, and is within the 
confines of the dungeon, so make sure to follow my walkthrough to a tee so you 
don't miss it!

1.) H3 (Entrance) - As you enter the dungeon, head right, to the next room, 
room H4.

2.) H4 - In this room, there are new enemies for you to face, hoping around 
like crazy. They are called Pols Voice, and they are surprisingly strong. With 
the Blue Ring equipped, they still take away one whole heart each time they 
touch you. And with the Magical Sword, they can take two hits before perishing! 
The Bow and Arrow works nicely on them, but it's really not worth using it... 
just use the Magical Sword, and conserve your rupees [arrows], 'cause you'll 
need them to make a purchase later in the dungeon. When you defeat all of the 
Pols Voices, grab the key that appears in the middle of the room, then walk up 
to the top wall and bomb the middle of it. Go through the hole you blow through 
the wall, to G4.

3.) G4 - This is the room where the Old Man of the dungeon resides. He tells 
you, "Digdogger hates certain kind of sound." Thanks for the proper English, 
old man! =D Anyway, when you do that, you'll notice that there is a locked door 
to the left of the old man. Ignore it, to save a key. Instead, go back south 
through the hole in the wall, back to room H4.

4.) H4 - Back in this room, backtrack to the left, back to the entrance, H3.

5.) H3 - Back here in the entrance, shoot up north, to G3.

6.) G3 - As you walk into this room, use the Blue Candle right away to light up 
this darkened room. New enemies reside in this room as well. These mummy-like 
foes are called Gibdos, and are pretty basic enemies. They don't attack, but 
they can take a lot of damage, even with the Magical Sword equipped on Link. In 
anycase, kill the three Gibdos chillin' in the room, and one of them will drop 
a key, which you should pick up. Ignore the door to the right of the room, 
which is locked! It leads back to the Old Man's room we just bombed into 
earlier, so I saved you a key! Instead, walk to the wall on the west of the 
room, and plant a bomb in the middle of it. Blow a hole through the wall, and 
then walk through it, to room G2.

7.) G2 - In this room, there are more Gibdos for you to do battle with. Keep in 
mind that one of them will drop some Bombs for you, so make sure to grab them, 
you'll need to restock them. When they are all defeated, you'll notice that the 
sealed door above doesn't budge, and that the four blocks in the room aren't 
triggers for it. Henceforth, you'll have to bomb your way through the left wall 
again! Place a bomb in the middle of the left wall, and, again, walk through 
the hole you create, to G1.

8.) G1 - In this room, there are a few blue Darknuts to deal with, which are 
harder than their red cousins, but still only take two hits with the Magical 
Sword to subdue. Remember, that like the red Darknuts, the blue Darknuts are 
also not vulnerable to hits from the front, as they block them with their 
shield. So you have to hit them from the side or back! And they twist and turn 
in their paths a lot, so be careful. In anycase, when they are all dead, pick 
up whatever they drop, and push the leftmost block of the blocks blocking the 
way to the staircase in the room, and go down the stairs. Kill the Keese in 
this basement here, and go up the ladder on the other side, to a new area of 
the dungeon, room A3.

9.) A3 - In this room, come out of the stairs and you'll notice two doors out 
of this room, both of which are locked. Which one do we go to? First, open the 
door on the left, and enter into room A2.

10.) A2 - In this room, there's a crapload of blue Darknuts for you to fight. 
Kill them all, and then push the block in the middle of the room upwards. A 
staircase will appear in the corner of the room, which you should use to get 
into the basement. In the basement, kill the Keese, and grab the Whistle there! 
This is the item of this dungeon! So now that we've found that, go back 
upstairs, and then back to your right, back into room A3.

11.) A3 - Once back in the original staircase room we just "warped" too, use 
the key on the door to the south of the room, and go through it, to room B3.

12.) B3 - In this room, there are a bunch of weak Keeses for you to deal with. 
Do away with all of them, and grab the key that they were guarding. It seems 
like this room is a dead end, but it's not. Use a bomb in the middle of the 
righthand wall, and enter through the hole there into B4.

13.) B4 - In this room, an old man is selling a Bomb Upgrade for 100 rupees, 
which allows you to hold up to 12 Bombs instead of just 8. If you don't have 
the amount of rupees you need, you gotta leave the dungeon (or fight within the 
dungeon) and get enough rupees so you can do your thing or whatever. When you 
do get the Bomb Upgrade, head back to room B3.

14.) B3 - Back here, just go north to room A3.

15.) A3 - Once back in this room, take the staircase back down into the 
basement, and come up on the other side, at room G1.

16.) G1 - From here, ignore all of the blue Darknut enemies, and shoot to the 
right of the room, back through the hole in the wall we busted open with a bomb 
earlier, and back into room G2.

17.) G2 - Back in this room, re-kill all of the Gibdos. You'll notice that even 
after you kill all of them, that the door to the north of the room is still 
closed. The four blocks in the room, surprisingly, are not the key either, so 
simply ignore this room, and go right, into another room we've already been in, 
room G3.

18.) G3 - In this room, kill the three Gibdos running around, and the shut door 
to the north of the room will open, revealing a passage into room F3, which you 
should take.

19.) F3 - Once in here, you'll be in a desert-like room, with three Dodongos! 
Fear not, however... they are easier now that we're stronger, than they were 
when we had to fight them as boss enemies in the second dungeon. Do you 
remember how to kill them? If not, simply place bombs in front of where they're 
walking so they'll walk into them, and eat them. The bombs will explode in 
their mouths and injure them. Two bombs per Dodongo will do them in. So kill 
the three Dodongos, and when they are dead, gather the Bombs that appear in the 
middle of the room as a reward. As a side award, the door to the left of the 
room will open for you. Go through this now opened door, to room F2.

20.) F2 - In this room, simply kill all of the Zols that are in the room, and a 
key will appear in the middle of the room. Grab the key, and ignore the door 
leading south (it leads back to the room that north door won't open, so it's a 
trap, meaning you'll have to backtrack if you go down there), and then go back 
the way you came, through the right door, to F3.

21.) F3 - Back in this Dodongo room (void of the Dodongos, of course), head 
north through the door (using a key on it to open it), to room E3.

22.) E3 - In this room, use the Blue Candle to light it up for you to see if 
you'd like, and grab the Map. Being that the room has a huge moat in the middle 
of it, you can't go anywhere in this room except back to the previous room, so 
go south, back to room F3.

23.) F3 - Back here, since we've taken care of the other doors in the room, go 
right, to room F4.

24.) F4 - Right away, use the Blue Candle to light up the room. Then kill all 
of the Zols in the room, and some rupees will appear in the middle of the room 
for you (not much of a reward, I know). Then shoot through the north door, to 
room E4.

25.) E4 - In this room, there are a bunch of Gibdos for you to kill. Slay them 
all, and they'll drop a key for you to take. Grab the key, and ignore the door 
leading left (it leads to the same room you got the Map in prior, but it leads 
nowhere, really). Instead, go through the north door, to room D4.

26.) D4 - In this darkened room, there are nothing but some red Darknuts for 
you to contend with. With your Magical Sword, they only take on hit now, so 
they are chumps. Just aim for their sides and backs to do damage! (as always!). 
When they are all defeated, grab the Compass they drop, then shoot north one 
more time to room C4. (it's your option in this room to use the Blue Candle, 
being that it's dark... but you don't really need to).

27.) C4 - This room is chock full of monster goodness, indeed. Right away, use 
the Blue Candle to light things up. There are two Gibdos, two Pols Voices, and 
two Keeses in this room. Grab the key in the middle of the room as you melee 
with the enemies in the room. When they are all defeated, and you nabbed the 
key, use it on the door to the left of the room, and enter into room C3.

28.) C3 - In this simple room, there are five Gibdos for you to end the lives 
of. When you kill all five of them, a key will appear, which you should take 
and enter into the next room to your left, to room C2.

29.) C2 - In this room, you can hear the cries of the boss! We are close! Kill 
all of the Pols Voices in the room and then use a key on the door to the left, 
to enter into the boss lair of Digdogger, room C1.

30.) C1 - Digdogger's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - D I G D O G G E R

Digdogger might be a hard boss, if you don't know how to defeat him the proper 
way, that is. As you enter the battle, equip the Whistle we found within 
Dungeon Five (also called the Recorder, if you're a nerd), and blow the Whistle 
to hear a pretty tune. Not only is this tune pretty, but it is deadly to the 
Digdogger! It'll reduce his size to practically nothing! Once you do this to 
Digdogger, simply run up to him and give him two slashes with your sword, and 
he'll die (granted you have the Magical Sword, otherwise it'll take more 
slashes). He doesn't have any attacks in the small form... you'll simply have 
to worry more about getting hit and damaged by the four statues that shoot 
fireballs at you in each corner of the room. You should be done with Digdogger 
in a matter of five seconds though, so getting hit once or twice shouldn't 
matter at all... and you can always block those fireballs with your shield! In 
anycase, take the bastard down.

After Digdogger is defeated, go north to B1.

31.) B1 - In this room, grab the Triforce, and you'll be automatically healed 
and transported outside of the dungeon. 

Once outside of the dungeon, head back to the origin, as we usually do after we 
finish off a dungeon. Then just regroup, and we'll go right to the sixth 
dungeon!

To get to the sixth dungeon from the origin, this is what we do. Go right one 
screen, and then up all the way until you can go up no longer. Then go left a 
screen, then up a screen, then left a screen once more (crossing the river via 
the Stepladder, in case you think my directions are wrong). Go left one more 
screen, and there'll be two staircases heading south. Take either of these 
staircases, and once down them, go left one screen. In this screen, ignore the 
stairs going north, and go left once more. Then, go south down the stairs, and 
then west, and then north up the stairs (killing or avoiding the mighty Lynels 
as you go), to get to the sixth dungeon! It's showtime!
