-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.) DUNGEON SIX  - "The Dragon"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

            ---------------
 A         | MW=   = OM| T |
        -----------------------
 B     |   | M |   |   | B |   |
        -----------------------
 C     |   = K |       |   | K |
        -----------     -------
 D     |   |   |   |   |   |
        -----------     ---
 E     |   |
        ---
 F     | K |
        ---     ---
 G     | C |   |   |
        ---------|-
 H     |   - X | K |
        -----------

         1   2   3   4   5   6
         
KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
MW = Magic Wand
R = Rupees
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
BU = Bomb Upgrade [Old Man]
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

The sixth dungeon, in the words of my Uncle John, gets a little bit "hairy"... 
and take his word for it, 'cause he never lies. Ah yes, but really... the shear 
volume of enemies found within the confines of the dungeon is enough to make 
any Zelda nerd shiver and yell "Hookshot!" I don't even know what the hell I'm 
talking about anymore... onward.

1.) H2 (Entrance) - Once here in the entrance, head right, through the open the 
door, to room H3.

2.) H3 - In this room, use the Blue Candle right away, so that you can see 
where you're going. This is your first encounter with the biggest pain-in-the-
ass enemies in the game; Wizzrobes. These mystical enemies come in two 
varieties. These are the weaker of the two, as they are red in color. They 
shoot magical beams out of their hands, and can disappear and reappear anywhere 
on screen. With your Magical Sword, one swipe at them kills these red 
Wizzrobes, but be careful to block or avoid their magic, as it does some crazy 
damage to Link. Once they are all defeated (there are five of them in this 
room), grab the key they drop, and go north through the door, unlocking it with 
the key you just got, to room G3.

3.) G3 - In this room, the old man speaks to you, telling you, "Aim at the eyes 
of Gohma." Gohma is the boss in this dungeon, just so you know... and you'll 
see what the old man is talking about when we go fight Gohma. But for now, go 
back down, to room H3.

4.) H3 - Back in this room, just go left, back to the entrance, room H2.

5.) H2 - This time, use a key on the door to your left, and enter into room H1.

6.) H1 - In this room, there are three more Wizzrobes for you to combat. Kill 
them, avoiding their powerful magical energy, and grab whatever they drop 
(hopefully hearts, if they've hit you a few times). Then just go north, to room 
G1, the next room in our path.

7.) G1 - In this room, thankfully, there are only Zols for you to slay. Slay 
these poor, helpless enemies, and a Compass will appear in the room! Grab the 
Compass, and continue going north through the dungeon, to room F1.

8.) F1 - Here in this room of the dungeon, there are a crapload of Keeses for 
you to kill. Kill the Keeses while avoiding the fireballs from the statues in 
the room, or blocking them with your Magic Shield. Either way, when all of the 
Keeses are defeated, a key will appear in the middle of the room, and the 
sealed door to the north of the room will also open. Shoot north, to the next 
room, room E1.

9.) E1 - In this room, simply run north quickly, avoiding the traps flying 
towards you around the room, going north, to room D1.

10.) D1 - This room is ridiculous... well,that's all I can really say about it. 
There are eight enemies in this room... two of each variety of Wizzrobe, two 
Bubbles (that hinder you from using your sword for a few seconds if they touch 
you), and two Like Likes, that can steal your Magic Shield if they touch you. 
To say the least, this room is a little bit on the crazy side. In anycase, kill 
all of the enemies (except for the Bubbles, who can't be killed). When the room 
is void, push the block at the left of the room over, to open the north sealed 
door. Go north through it, to room C1.

11.) C1 - This room has more Wizzrobes for you to compete with. Kill all of the 
Wizzrobes, and hope that they drop some hearts for you to use. Make sure to 
keep an eye on your heart containers... I'm telling you, these Wizzrobes can 
really destroy you before you even know what hit you. When they are all 
defeated, you can go north, but there is a Gleeok up there. To avoid it, bomb 
the righthand wall right in the middle, and go through the hole we make in the 
wall there, to room C2.

12.) C2 - In this room, there are more Wizzrobes. *sigh* In anycase, use the 
Blue Candle to light up the darkened room, and kill the Wizzrobes. It's an 
option to grab the key in the center of the room and not kill any of them... 
but they'll be here when you return to this room, so do it now, or do it 
later... or don't do it at all, I don't care. =) Grab the key at the center of 
the room, and use it on the door to the north, heading to room B2.

13.) B2 - In this room, there are two Zols, two Bubbles, and two Like Likes. 
Kill the two Like Likes and the two Zols, and a Map will appear in the room. 
Grab the Map, and then go through the door to the north of the room (the one 
that's locked), using a key on it to open it. Enter into room A2.

14.) A2 - In this room, there is a slew more of Wizzrobes. Work fast, killing 
them and playing a defensive game with your shield and your agility, so that 
you don't take too much damage from these mighty foes. When all of the 
Wizzrobes are defeated in the room, push over the left block in the room, to 
make a staircase appear it the upper righthand corner of the room. Take the 
staircase down into the room's basement, and kill the Keese down there. Grab 
the Magic Wand, and then go back up the stairs. Head back down to the previous 
room, room B2.

15.) B2 - Once back in this room, cross over the red river, and through the 
door at the right of the room, to room B3.

16.) B3 - In this room, there are five of the weaker variety of Wizzrobes, and 
a key in the middle of the room. Kill the Wizzrobes, and grab the key they were 
all guarding. You have an option to go north, or to go west. Go north through 
the door, to the next room up north, room A3.

17.) A3 - In this room, there are two Zols, two Like Likes, and two Bubbles... 
a combonation of enemies that we've seen before. Kill the two Like Likes and 
the two Zols, and then bomb the middle of the righthand side wall, to make a 
passage into room A4, which you should take.

18.) A4 - In this room is another old man, who tells you, "There are secrets 
where fairies don't live." Wow, that's great. =P Heh heh... now, go back left, 
through the bombed wall, to room A3. (ignore the door leading south... there 
are a crapload of enemies down there, that'd be in your best interest to 
ignore).

19.) A3 - Back in this room, go south, to room B3.

20.) B3 - Once back here, go west, back to room B2.

21.) B2 - Now that we're back here, go south, back to room C2.

22.) Back in this room, kill any Wizzrobes you may have left behind (I told you 
to kill them the first time we were here!), and then go south once more, to a 
new room, room D2.

23.) D2 - This room holds some enemies we haven't seen in a while... Vires. 
Light up the room with the Blue Candle and slay the weak Vires with your mighty 
Magical Sword. Grab whatever goodies they drop, and go right, to room D3.

24.) D3 - This room is full of enemies, as well, making it just as big of a 
pain in the ass as three other rooms in this damn dungeon. =) Kill all of the 
Wizzrobes and Like Likes, leaving just the Bubble in the room. Use Magic 
Potions if you're running out of energy! When only the Bubble remains, push the 
block in the middle of the room to the left, and a staircase will appear. Take 
the staircase into the basement, and re-emerge on the other side, in room B6.

25.) B6 - As you re-emerge in this room, more enemies are there to greet you; 
Zols and Like Likes. Kill them or avoid them, and go down, into room C6. We're 
almost there, I promise!

26.) C6 - In this darkened room, use the Blue Candle, and then kill the three 
Vires, and a key will appear. While avoiding the Bubbles, grab the key, and go 
left, into the next room, room C5.

27.) C5 - This room has so many enemies for you to fight, it's not even funny. 
So don't even bother with any of them. Ignore the door to the south, it leads 
no where important. Instead, run straight up to the door at the north end of 
the room, unlock it, and go through the door, entering into Gohma's boss 
lair... whew. Now we just gotta fight the boss! This is room B5.

28.) B5 - Gohma's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - G O H M A

Gohma is a crab-looking enemy, who is easily defeated, so don't worry. Remember 
the first or two Old Men in this dungeon, the one who told you to shoot at the 
eye of Gohma? Well that's the key. Equip the Bow and Arrow. When Gohma opens 
his eye during battle, shoot an arrow at his eye, and he'll die just like that. 
Gohma doesn't open his eye often during battle, however, and runs back and 
forth at the top of his lair shooting numerous fireballs at Link. So be careful 
when you fight him! Block the fireballs with your Magic Shield, or avoid them 
all together, and wait for that time when he opens that eye of his. Then, just 
shoot that arrow at his eye, and he'll crumble, leaving nothing but a heart for 
you, Link, to get. He's easy, ain't he. =) But imagine if you didn't know what 
to do against him... ALWAYS LISTEN TO OLD MEN! That's what that lesson teaches 
you, young one. =)

After Gohma is defeated, go north to room A5.

29.) A5 - In this room, grab the Triforce, and you'll be automatically healed 

and transported outside of the dungeon. 

Dungeon Seven is the next dungeon on our trip, but before we head to that 
dungeon, make sure you bought Monster Bait earlier in the game, and if you 
haven't done so yet, do so now. I buy it very early in the game so I don't have 
to do it later, but if you haven't bought it yet, we need it for the seventh 
dungeon, so purchase it at one of many stores around Hyrule. (see the map above 
the walkthrough section for exact coordinates)

Head back to the origin once you're all prepared (Monster Bait, don't forget), 
and from there, head north one screen, and then left all the way into the Lost 
Woods region. Once surrounded by brown trees, head north one screen, and then 
left (along either path) to the next screen. Then go around and head north, and 
you'll be in a dead end region of Hyrule, with a pond in the middle of the 
screen. Worry not... you're not lost. Play the Whistle, and the pond will dry 
up, revealing a staircase. Decend the staircase, and welcome to Dungeon Seven, 
The Demon!
