-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
9.) DUNGEON TWO - "The Moon"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         -------
 A      | T | B |
         -----|-----
 B          |   |OM |
             -------
 C          |   -   |
             -------
 D          | K | B |
             -------
 E          | K |MB |
             -------
 F          |   - M |
     ---------------
 G  | K |   |   - C |
     ---------------
 H      | X | K |
         -------

      1   2   3   4

KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
MB = Magic Boomerang
B = Bombs
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

This, the second dungeon in the game, is shaped like a Moon. It's just as 
straight forward as the first dungeon, however, except for some tougher 
enemies... that's ALL! So here weeee go!

1.) H2 (entrance) - Once you enter the entrance, you can go up, or you can go 
east. First, go east, to room H3.

2.) H3 - Once in this room, kill all the Ropes (snake enemies) in the room. 
They move really fast, so be on your toes as you engage them in battle! Pick up 
what they drop, and when you defeat them all, a key will appear. Pick up the 
key. Go back to H2.

3.) H2 - Go up now, to G2.

4.) G2 - Once in G2, there are more Ropes for you to fight. Kill all the Ropes 
in the room, and you'll notice that the closed door to the left of the room 
will shoot open. Go into that room, which is G1.

5.) G1 - Here in G1, kill all the Ropes in here as well, taking whatever they 
drop after you kill them. Once they all die, take the key in the room that they 
were guarding. After you get the key and kill all the Ropes, head right, back 
to G2.

6.) G2 - Shoot straight across this room now, to the door at the right, which 
leads to G3.

7.) G3 - Kill the three Ropes patrolling the room, gathering whatever they 
drop. The door leading south leads to a room we've already been to, so ignore 
it. The door leading right is locked and the door leading up isn't... first, go 
right, to the locked door. Use a key on it, and enter G4.

8.) G4 - In here, there is a Compass on the righthand side of the room. Kill 
the plethora of Gels surrounding it, gathering whatever thingies they drop. 
Then grab the Compass, and head back left, to G3.

9.) G3 - Head north, now, to F3.

10.) F3 - In this room, there is a crapload of boomerang-chucking Goriyas for 
you to contend with. Take them out as quickly as possible, sustaining as little 
damage as you possibly can. When they're all taken out, and you gather up 
whatever they drop, unlock the door to your right, leading into F4.

11.) F4 - Here, this room is just like G4, except instead of the Compass being 
guarded by the Gels, it's the dungeon Map. Do the same exact thing you did back 
in G4, taking out the Gels, and then grab the Map. Once the Map is had, head 
back to F3.

12.) F3 - Head north through the door, leading to E3.

13.) E3 - Once you enter into E3, the door behind you will shut. The only way 
to open it is to kill all the Ropes in the room. Although there's no need for 
you to go back, you should still kill all the Ropes for all the items they 
drop... plus, they hold a Key once they are all defeated. So defeat them all, 
grab the key, and then head right, to E4.

14.) E4 - E4 is a pretty hectic room, so make sure that when you enter it, 
you're ready to fight. There is a statue in each corner of the room, constantly 
shooting fireballs at Link. In addition to that, there are three blue Goriyas 
chucking boomerangs in the room. Avoid the fireballs and kill the Goriyas. When 
you kill the three Goriyas, they drop the Magic Boomerang. The only difference 
between the regular Boomerang and the Magic Boomerang is how far the Magic 
Boomerang can fly in relation to the regular Boomerang. When you get the 
Boomerang, head left, back to E3.

15.) E3 - Head north through the door, leading to D3.

16.) D3 - In this desert room, two Moldorms will appear. These fireball snake 
creatures are slow moving and easy to attack. Each time you attack them, you 
take off the balls on their body, how many depending on how well you hit the 
Moldorm. Once you defeat the two Moldorms here, a key appears in the center of 
the room. Grab the key, and then head to the right, to D4.

17.) D4 - As soon as you enter D4, be careful of the traps shooting at you! 
This room is full of Keeses. In the center of the room are some bombs, if you 
need them. If you don't need them, you can just ignore this room all together. 
If you did come here, head back to D3 now.

18.) D3 - Head north through the door, leading to C3.

19.) C3 - As you enter this room, the door behind you slams shut. Kill all the 
Ropes in this room (there are many), and grab all the goodies that they drop 
after they are defeated. You'll notice that the room to your right is locked. 
Open the door there with a key and enter it, leading to room C4.

20.) C4 - In C4, kill all the weak Gel enemies, and five rupees will appear in 
the center of the room for you to take, in addition to whatever else the Gels 
dropped when you slayed them. After that, head through the door to the north, 
to B4.

21.) B4 - In this room, the old man of the dungeon is, to give you a clue. He 
says, "Dodongo dislikes smoke" in reference to the boss enemy, Dodongo, in this 
dungeon, whose weakness is bombs. (hence: smoke). Head back south to C4 after 
you talk to the old man.

22.) C4 - Head back left, to the door leading to C3.

23.) C3 - Head north through the door, leading to B3.

24.) B3 - This is the final room before you battle the boss of this dungeon. 
This room is chock full of Goriya goodness. Stand far away from the pack if you 
have full hearts, and chuck sword beams at them to beat them from a safe 
distance. If you are lacking full power, you'll have to battle them in close 
quarters. Either way, they all have to be defeated. Defeat them all, gather 
what they drop, and some Bombs will appear in the corner of the room for you to 
take. Then, open the door at the north of the room, and enter into A3... the 
boss chamber.

25.) A3 - Dodongo's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - D O D O N G O

Dodongo is just as simple a boss battle as Aquamentus was in the first dungeon. 
He isn't vulnerable to any weapon in your arsenal, including your sword, so you 
should have taken a hint to his weakness, between the old man's hint in the 
dungeon, and the fact that the dungeon gives you bombs twice. As this 
rhinoceros boss walks towards you, drop a bomb in front of him. He will run 
into the bomb, "eating" it, and it'll blow up inside his mouth. You only have 
to do this twice to win. Dodongo has no attacks, he just walks around, 
frustrating you if you don't know how to beat him... but if you DO know how to 
beat him, he's cake baby... cake.

After Dodongo is defeated, go left, to room A2.

26.) A2 - In this room, grab the Triforce from the center of the room, and 
you'll be healed up and teleported out of the dungeon! Two down, seven to go!

Now that we've completed Dungeon Two, there's nothing for us to do before going 
right to Dungeon Three, so we'll do that right now. 

To get to Dungeon Three, leave Dungeon Two and work your way back to the 
origin, by going down from the Dungeon screen, then right one screen, then down 
'til you can't go down anymore, then right all the way to the coast (it's not 
far at all), then follow the coast down, and left until you get back to the 
origin. You should start knowing this region of Hyrule very well, so it 
shouldn't be hard for you to getback to the origin.

From the origin, go left once, then up one, and then left once, left again over 
the bridge and to the next screen, and left again past the old woman's cave 
whom sells magic potions. If you need the medicine she sells, now is the time 
to get it! If not, go left past that screen, and you'll enter the brown Lost 
Woods. Go immidiatly down one screen, and then make a sharp right. The dungeon 
is here, at coordinate H5. Enter the dungeon, and here we go!
