-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
12.) DUNGEON FOUR  - "The Snake"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       
       ---------------
 A    |OM -   |   | T |
       ----||---------
 B    |   = R =   | B |
       ----||---------
 C    |   | M |
       -----------
 D    |   |   | S |
       -----------
 E    | K |
       -------
 F    |   | K |
       -----------
 G        |   - C |
       -----------
 H    | K | X |
       -------

        1   2   3   4

KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
S = Stepladder
R = Rupees
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

The fourth dungeon of the game doesn't hold too much difficulty and whatnot for 
the player, but, naturally, the difficulty level of each dungeon progresses as 
we get farther in the game, so it's naturally expected that this dungeon is 
slightly harder than the last dungeon we were at... and it is.

1.) H2 (entrance) -  In the first room of the dungeon, you can go either up, or 
you can go left. First, go to the room to your left, which is room H1.

2.) H1 - In this room, there is a swarm (if you can call it that) of Keeses. 
Kill each Keese in the room, and when they are all defeated, a key will appear 
in the middle of the room. Grab the key, and head back to the original room, 
H2.

3.) H2 - Back in this room, simply head north to G2.

4.) G2 - In this room, you'll encounter a new enemy - Vire. The Vires are large 
version of the Keese. When you slay a Vire, it mutates into two Keese, which 
are red in color instead of blue, and move slightly quicker. So in the room, 
kill the three Vires, as well as the smaller red Keese that spawn from their 
dead bodies, and then use the key on the door at the right side of the room. 
Enter into that door, going to room G3.

5.) G3 - As you enter the room, it'll be completly dark. So what do you do? Use 
the Blue Candle, of course! Use the Blue Candle and the room will automatically 
be lightened up, so that you can see what you're doing. This room is an 
annoying passageway, marked by numerous blocks. In relation to the enemies, 
there are quite a few Vires chillin' out in here. Kill them (use your Bow and 
Arrow to kill them from afar if you'd like, but be accurate with it when they 
turn into red Keeses!), and grab the Compass in the middle of the room that 
they were all guarding. Then head back through the door you came into, back to 
G2.

6.) G2 - Back here, just head north through the door, to F2.

7.) F2 - In this room, kill the plethora of Keeses, and grab the key they were 
all guarding. Then simply head left, to the next room, F1.

8.) F1 - In this room, again use the Blue Candle to light the room up, so you 
can see where you're going, and then kill all of the Vires chillin' in the 
room, hoping all over the damn place like they own it. =) Kill the red Keeses 
they split into when you hit them, and then simply go north to the door, 
leading into E1.

9.) E1 - Here in this room, it's more of the same. Firstly, light up the room 
with the Blue Candle, so you can see what you're doing. Because there are 
"rivers" in this screen (which can only be crossed with the Stepladder, which 
we get a bit later on in the dungeon), you have to walk around them to get 
around. Kill the easy Zol enemies in the room, and grab the key there. Then, go 
north to the door, leading to room D1.

10.) D1 - In this room, again use the Blue Candle to light it up. Then, be 
ready to fight. Avoid the Bubbles that are roaming around the room. If they hit 
you, as it was in the last dungeon, you won't be able to swing your sword for a 
few seconds, which obviously puts you at a huge disadvantage. Avoid or kill the 
Vires, and go to the door at the right. Enter into it, leading to D2.

11.) D2 - In this room, it's basically a winding passageway around the room. 
Patrolling the passageway is more of our friends, the Vires. Kill the Vires and 
the red Keeses they become, and the door to the right will open. Enter that 
door to the right, to room D3.

12.) D3 - This room has a new enemy in it as well, called Like Likes. Kill them 
(they take an amazing five hits to kill with the Magic Sword), but try to keep 
your distance. If they touch you, they'll eat your Magic Shield! And no, you 
won't get it back! That means you'll have to spend a crapload of rupees to buy 
another one, and you don't want to do that. So kill the two Like Likes in this 
room, as well as the two Zols, and avoid the two Bubbles floating around. There 
are two blocks in the middle of the room. Push over the leftmost one, and a 
staircase leading into the basement of the room will appear in the northeast 
corner of the room. Go down that staircase to the basement, and kill the Keeses 
there. Then, grab the Stepladder, and head back upstairs. Go back left, to the 
previous room, D2.

13.) D2 - Back in this room, you don't have to go around the passageway 
anymore... the Stepladder we just got allows you to avoid doing that and cross 
the rivers inside dungeons! So get to the door at the north of the room (ignore 
the Vires), and ignore the door locked up to the north. Instead, head back west 
again, to room D1.

14.) D1 - Once back here, you can now cross the river in the middle of the room 
that segments it into two halves. Cross over it, and use a key on the door in 
the north of the room, to gain access to the room above it, C1.

15.) C1 - In this room, kill all of the Vires if you want, or simply ignore and 
avoid them, and head to the door at the right hand side of the room, leading 
into the room we just ignored before, C2.

16.) C2 - This room can be accessed from the other place where I said ignore 
the locked door (in step 13). That's because we couldn't get across the water 
in the room to get to the map or passageway across from it. Kill the two Gels 
that are patrolling the passageway, and grab the Map from the other side of the 
room. Now, you want to know a little secret? Okieday. Go to the top of the 
screen and bomb the wall right in the middle. Enter the hole in the wall, to 
B2.

17.) B2 - This secret area is just kind of cool. Grab the rupees chillin' there 
waiting for ya. All four walls of the room are bombable. So bomb the wall on 
the lefthand side of the room, and enter through the hole you make to room B1.

18.) B1 - In this room, you'll fight the mini-boss (I guess you can call it 
that) of this dungeon, which is Manhandla, the boss we just fought in Dungeon 
Three. Use the same strategy on him you did on the original we fought. Use a 
bomb and blow him to pieces, and whatever part of him you miss, hack away with 
your sword, or use another bomb. Then simply head through the door at the north 
end of the room, to A1.

19.) A1 - This is the old man's chillin' place in this dungeon. He says to you 
here, "Walk into the waterfall." Hey thanks, Old Man River. =P Now, use a key 
on the door to the right of this room, and enter into the next room, A2.

20.) A2 - As you enter into this room, use your Blue Candle right away so you 
can see where you're going. Then, kill all of the Keese in the room and grab 
the key they are guarding. Shoot straight across the room to the door on the 
righthand side, leading to room A3.

21.) A3 - This room is darkened, but you don't really need to use the Blue 
Candle, but you can if you want. The only enemies in this room are traps, so be 
careful as you enter the room. Make your way to the door at the south side of 
the room, while avoiding the traps, and down into room B3.

22.) B3 - In this room, there are five Vires for you to fight. Kill the five 
Vires in the room, then oush the block at the left side of the room, and the 
door at the righthand side of the room will open for you. The room is B4, and 
it's the boss, Gleeok's, room.

23.) B4 - Gleeok's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - G L E E O K

Gleeok is definetly the hardest boss we've yet to fight in the game. While he 
doesn't move (like Aquamentus didn't), he shoots fireballs out of his various 
heads, and they are quite damaging when they hit Link. Not only that, but when 
you do enough damage to Gleeok, his head will split off of his body, and turn 
red. When it's flying around the room in this state, it will shoot fireballs at 
Link, making Gleeok an annoying version of Aquamentus, from a certain point of 
view. In anycase, you'll want to be well-healed before entering this battle. 
When you fight him, use your Sword Beams on him from far away if you have full 
health, while dodging the fireballs he shoots at you. If you aren't at full 
health, and don't have the advantage of using sword beams, then you'll simply 
have to get in close and hack the hell out of him. You'll be trading blows with 
him, but be consistant and he'll die long before you run out of health, for 
sure.

After Gleeok is defeated, go north to A4.

24.) A4 - In this room, grab the Triforce, and you'll be automatically healed 
and transported outside of the dungeon. 

Once outside of the dungeon, head back to the origin. You aren't far away from 
it at all, you should be able to get back to it on your own. Once back at the 
origin, it's time to take care of some stuff before we move on to dungeon five. 
So lets do that stuff now.

