-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.) DUNGEON NINE  - "Death Mountain"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: The map of the final dungeon is laid out a bit differently than the 
previous eight dungeon maps I've provided you with in the walkthrough. Being 
that Death Mountain is so massive, and you can avoid going to most of it en 
route to slaying Ganon, I've mapped out the parts you need to go to, and 
nothing more. The "T1", "T2", et cetera, are teleports, so to speak, like we've 
seen in other dungeons. Since there are so many, and they lead straight across 
this massive dungeon, I've now put them on the map. Therefore, T1 in one place 
corresponds with T1 in another place. As the map segements go down, you are 
farther into the dungeon, so they are also in sequential order, for ease. Hope 
they help.

             -------
  A         | T1=   |
             -------
  B             |   |
                 ---
  C             | E |
                 ---
To...

                 -----------
  D             | T2| OM| RR|
             ---------|---||
  E         | T1|   |   |   |
             -----||------||
  F             |   =   | M |
                 -----------
  G             | C |
                 ---

To...

             ---
  H         | T4|
             -|-
  I         |   |
             -|-----
  J         |   |   |
             ---------------
  K             | T3|   | T2|
                 -----------

To...

             ---
  L         | SA|
             ---
  M         | T3|
             ---

To...

             -------
  N         | T5| T4|
             -------

To...

            ---
  O        | Z |
            ---
  P        | B |
            ---
  Q        | T5|
            ---  

             1   2   3   4    


KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
SA = Silver Arrow
RR = Red Ring
T# = Teleport [_] {Corresponding}
R = Rupees
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

Death Mountain is the final stage in the first quest. Death Mountain is big and 
hard, but one thing you have to realize about Death Mountain is, out of the 58 
(!) rooms in the dungeon, you don't have to visit even half of those, if you do 
things right. You can still get the Red Ring and the Silver Arrows and avoid a 
lot of annoyances. Just follow the walkthrough, and you'll get those two items 
and to Ganon in no time, trust me my friends.

1.) C2 (entrance) - As you enter the dungeon, go up to room B2.

2.) B2 - In this room, there would be an Old Man telling you to go back, but 
since you've beaten all eight dungeons, there's nothing here, and doors to the 
left and north open up. Go through the north door, to room C2.

3.) C2 - In this room, there are Bubbles, Like Likes, and Zols, two of each. 
Avoid the enemies being that all they drop is a key (you don't need anymore, 
remember!), and bomb the middle of the lefthand wall, to make a hole. Go 
through the hole in the wall, to room C1.

4.) C1 - In this room, there are two of a new enemy, called Lanmolas. You have 
to attack their bodies first, and then their heads after all of their body 
segments are defeated. They are basically stronger, faster versions of the 
Moldorm. Kill both of them, and then move the block to the left of the large 
box in the middle of the room, to get to the staircase. Take the staircase, 
which will teleport you to another part of the dungeon, to room E1.

5.) E1 - In this room, kill the Like Likes as you go around the huge spiral in 
the room. Ignore the open door leading south, and instead, use the Magic Key on 
the door to the right of the room, which leads into room E2.

6.) E2 - When you get into this room, use the Red Candle right away, and start 
blocking the spells coming your way from the blue Wizzrobes in the room. Engage 
them in battle if you'd like, but I'd save your energy if I were you. Instead, 
go to the south wall, and place a bomb in the middle of it. Go through the hole 
you make in the wall, down to room F2.

7.) F2 - In this room, shoot straight down the path laid out for you, and place 
a bomb in the middle of the south wall here as well. Go through the hole, into 
the next room, room G2.

8.) G2 - This room is dark, like an Old Man's room, for whatever reason. There 
are four Wizzrobes in here for you to kill. Kill all of them (be careful with 
your energy!) and then grab the Compass that they drop after they die. Then go 
up one room, back to room F2.

9.) F2 - Here, just head back up again, to room E2.

10.) E2 - Back in this room, don't bother with a Red Candle or anything, just 
walk to the door at the right of the room, and go through it, to room E3.

11.) E3 - In this room, there is a Patra, a new enemy we've yet to encounter on 
our quest. It's a floating eyeball surrounded by some sort of debris, I can't 
really make it out. In anycase, you can kill it if you want, but I wouldn't 
waste your time. Just go through the southern door, to room F3.

12.) F3 - This room, strangely enough, is occupied by some weak Gels. Ignore 
them, and go to the middle of the righthand wall, where you should place a 
bomb. A hole in the wall will now be there for you to go through, to room F4.

13.) F4 - Another Patra resides in this room, and this time, you'll have to 
kill it, if you want the Map of the huge dungeon. Patras are indeed a pain in 
the ass to defeat, but sometimes, you must do what you don't want to do. To 
slay a Patra, walk up to the debris surrounding him and hack at them to destroy 
them (two hits each with the Magical Sword). Only when all of that debris is no 
longer orbiting him is he vulnerable to your attack. Then, you can just attack 
the eyeball itself. When he is defeated, a Map will appear in the room for you 
to use. Beautiful. Now, we can go get the Red Ring, the next item on our trail. 
From this room, bomb the middle of the north wall, and walk through the hole 
you make there, to room E4.

14.) E4 - In this room, there are a plethora of toughies for you to slay. 
Wizzrobes and Like Likes galore. Ignore them all however, and dash to the top 
wall, and bomb the middle of it. Go through the hole in the wall, to room D4.

15.) D4 - In this room, so many Wizzrobes for you to kill. You have to kill 
them all, and avoid the Bubbles. When all the Wizzrobes are killed, push the 
left block in that box in the middle of the room, and go down the stairs there. 
Kill or avoid the Keeses down here, and grab the Red Ring! The Red Ring is an 
AWESOME item that is twice as powerful as the Blue Ring... in other words, you 
now take half of the damage that you would with the Blue Ring equipped, or one 
fourth the damage with out any ring equipped! It's a beautiful thing. In 
anycase, head back upstairs, and back south, to room E4.

16.) E4 - Back in this room, go south again, to room F4.

17.) F4 - Back here, go left, to room F3.

18.) F3 - Now, go north, back to the original Patra room, room E3.

19.) E3 - Avoid or kill the Patra, as he's in front of the door we need to get 
to, the locked one to the north of the room. When you get around the Patra, or 
kill him, go to the north door, unlock it with the Magic Key, and go through 
it, to room D3.

20.) D3 - The old man simply tells you here to go to the next room. Since there 
are no doors in his room, break out your trusty bombs. Bomb the middle of the 
lefthand wall, and go through the hole in the wall, to the next room, room D2.

21.) D2 - In this room, there are five Wizzrobes - three blue, two red. Slay 
all five of them, and then go to the block at the left side of the room, and 
push it over, to reveal a hidden staircase in the upper righthand corner of the 
room. Take the staircase down into the basement, and come up on the other side, 
in room K4.

22.) K4 - Over here, you'll be in a room with five weak enemies, Zols. Kill 
them and grab whatever they drop. Then, open the door to the left of the room 
with the Magic Key, and go into the room there, room K3.

23.) K3 - In this dark, "old man" style room, there are numerous Keeses. Kill 
them, or avoid them, and go left into the next room, room K2.

24.) K2 - In this room, there is yet another Patra for you to deal with. Since 
you need to gain access to the stairs in the middle of the room, you'll have to 
slay this Patra, so do that, and then push the leftmost block up or down, to 
gain access to the staircase in the middle of the room. Take it into the 
basement, and come up on the other side, room L1.

25.) M1 - In this room, there is a plethora of Wizzrobes. Ignore and avoid all 
of them, and place a bomb in the middle of the northern wall, to bust a hole 
through that wall, leading north to room L1.

26.) L1 - In this room are more Wizzrobes and Bubbles. Kill the Wizzrobes and 
avoid the Bubbles. When all of the Wizzrobes are slain, push the middle block 
on the vertical block row, to make a staircase appear in the upper righthand 
corner of the room. Take it into the room's basement, and grab the Silver 
Arrows down there! Now, go back up to the main floor, and go back south, to 
room M1.

27.) M1 - Since we now need to get back to those stairs, those Wizzrobes are 
going to have all be killed. Kill them all, and once again, push that left 
block out of the way, and take the stairs back to the other side, where the 
Patra was earlier, room K2.

28.) K2 - Back in the room (now void of a Patra), head north, to room J2.

29.) J2 - In here, carefull kill all of the Like Likes (don't let them take 
your Magic Shield!), and the door at the lefthand side of the room will open up 
for you. Take that door to room J1.

30.) J1 - In this dark room, don't waste your time with the Red Candle. There 
are only Zols in here. Just go to the north door and open it with your Magic 
Key, and go into room I1.

31.) I1 - This room has three Wizzrobes in it... three Wizzrobes we don't have 
to deal with. Avoid them best you can and open the door to the north of this 
room with the Magic Key, and go into room H1.

32.) H1 - This room has Wizzrobes and Traps, and the Wizzrobes do have to be 
killed here. While carefull avoiding the traps, kill the Wizzrobes in the room, 
and then push the lefthand block in the room, to reveal a staircase in the 
upper righthand corner of the room. Take it down into the basement, and come up 
in another area of the dungeon, in room N2. (since the stairs come up under a 
Trap, you have to trigger the Trap, then run to the staircase before the Trap 
resets itself).

33.) N2 - As you resurface, you'll be in a room full of Traps and Wizzrobes, 
and Bubbles as well. Avoid everything the best you can and work your way to the 
lefthand side of the room. Trigger the traps, then move out of the way as they 
come together. When they are going back to reset themselves, place a bomb in 
the middle of that wall and blow a hole in it, and quickly run through it 
before the Traps come back to injure you. You're now in room N1.

34.) N1 - In this room, there are two Bubbles, two Zols and two Like Likes. 
Kill the Like Likes carefully, and the Zols as well. When those are defeated, 
push the block at the left of the room up or down, and go down the stairs in 
the middle of the room, coming up on the other side, in room Q1.

35.) Q1 - You're right before Ganon's room! There's a Patra guarding the 
entrance. Kill the Patra, and then go north, to Ganon's lair... get ready for 
the last boss battle, in room P1.

36.) P1 - Ganon's Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - G A N O N

The boss battle with Ganon is more of a novelty than anything, if you ask me, 
because it really lacks any difficulty at all. As you walk into the room where 
he is, Link takes out the Triforce and the room is lit up. To let you know 
right away, you CAN walk on the black parts of the floor, the hole room is 
walkable, regardless of color, so those AREN'T holes in the floor. Ganon will 
disappear and shoot unblockable fireballs at you. Stab around the room a bit 
and you'll hit him, and he'll reappear, but then disappear. You have to do this 
to him four times, and then he'll turn a brown color. This is when you have to 
break out the Bow and Silver Arrow. One hit with the Silver Arrow will turn the 
evil Ganon into dust, and open the door to the north of his room, which leads 
to Zelda's holding chamber. See, Ganon wasn't that hard... which is a shame... 
'cause he never is in any of the Zelda games he appears in, if you think about 
it. Ah well.

After Ganon is defeated, go north to room O1.

In this room, slay the fires surrounding Zelda with your mighty Magical Sword, 
and walk up to her. You've defeated the game, CONGRATULATIONS!
