-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.) The Final Heart Container and the Power Bracelet
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once back at the origin, we can get the final heart container easily. As we've 
done many times now in the game, head all the way east from the origin until 
you can't go east anymore. Sound familiar? Of course it does. Then, go up two 
screens, and you'll see the heart on a dock in the middle of the water to your 
right. This is at coordinate Go up to the first dock, and use the Stepladder to 
get to it (it does it automatically, just walk towards it) and do it again to 
get to the dock which holds the final heart container we can get outside of a 
dungeon. That makes 12, which means we can get the Magical Sword, but first, 
lets get the Power Bracelet.

Head all the way back to the origin, being that the Power Bracelet is clear 
across Hyrule on the other side from where we are. Once back at the origin, go 
up and then left, to the screen where the cave is where the woman sells her 
magic potions. Now is actually a good time to buy potions from her if you need 
them, but other than that, head left one more screen. You're now in the Lost 
Woods. We've been here before, but now, we're going to traverse it. 

Once you enter the Lost Woods, go down. You'll be on a screen here that has 
three ways out of it other than the way we just came. Going right will lead us 
back to the third dungeon, so we don't want to go that way. The two paths 
leading left look more enticing. Of the two paths leading left, take the one on 
the bottom, and left into the next screen. Kill or avoid the various enemies 
you come across. None of them should give you any troubles at this point in the 
game. Follow the linear path heading left, and into the next screen. Then, head 
north, and you'll be back in the Lost Woods.

This part of the Lost Woods is a pain in the ass, because you have to do a 
certain sequence in it to get out of the woods. Famous Zelda players know it as 
ULDL, or Up, Left, Down, Left. That's how you get out of the Lost Woods. So do 
that now. Go up, then left, then down, then left. Don't worry, each screen is 
supposed to look the same... that's the idea. That's why it can be confusing. 
And doesn't the screen look like a backwards Norweigan flag, or Finnish flag, 
or Icelandic flag. How observant am I! =)

Anyway, you'll know you did the sequence right, because you'll hear the famous 
Zelda secret ring when you do it right. Then, just head up and out of the Lost 
Woods (for now, anyway). You'll be in the Hyrule Graveyard now. Lynels and 
other annoying (but beatable) enemies patrol these regions, so be careful when 
you fight. In this area, just go up the stairs one screen. Once in the 
graveyard proper, go right once, and then up once. If you come across a ghost 
enemy (called Ghinis), just ignore them. They don't move that fast, and are 
pretty strong enemies. It's not worth fighting them, to be honest.

Go right one more screen and you'll be outside of the graveyard now. Kill the 
Lynels and avoid the Peahats, and head right another screen. On this screen, 
there are two staircases heading up into the mountains. Ignore the one on the 
left, and take the one on the right. Once up the stairs, go right. There will 
be two rows of Armos enemies, all standing still. This is where the Power 
Bracelet is located. This is at coordinate C5 on my map. Awaken the Armor on 
the top row, the one all the way to the right, and underneath him will be the 
Power Bracelet. Pick it up, and then head back a few screens, back to the 
graveyard. We have one more thing to do here before we move on...
