*****
Overworld enemies: These enemies only appear in the overworld:
***** 
Tektite: These four-legged spider like creatures will hop around all 
over the screen until you kill them. Don't worry they are not all that 
fast. The red ones are easier to kill and the blue ones are a bit 
harder but not by much. Sometimes the blue ones leave a bit more 
rupees. You will find them scattered all throughout the overworld but 
they are not that much of a problem. Just simply try to get near enough 
to them to kill them and avoid their jumping. 

Octorok: These are land octopuses that spit rocks at you out of their 
snout. The red ones are easier to kill and the blue ones will take more 
hits to kill with the weaker swords. Either avoid their rocks or use 
your shield to protect yourself. Octoroks are a very common site in the 
overworld, usually near the beginning of where you start off at. They 
are very easy enemies and should not be that much of a problem. 

Leever: A kind of sand creature that will come out of the ground and 
move around a bit then go back under for a few seconds. The red ones 
are easier and tend to leave more rupees while the blue ones are a bit 
harder and take more hits to kill. You can tell whether they will come 
out of the sand or not because you can see the dirt move where they 
come out, so watch for that dirt movement and run away from it. Leevers 
are found mostly in the desert, the beach, or near water. Just avoid 
them from hitting you while attacking them with your sword. 

Peahat: A flying flower like monster. In many places in the overworld 
you will see a pack of these. Peahats fly around for several seconds 
then they lay down to rest for a few seconds. While they fly around, 
they are invincible so you can only attack them when they land. I 
usually just ignore Peahats because they take too long to kill and are 
not that hard to avoid but it is up to you. You will find them all over 
the overworld. 

Molblin: These are like a cross between a bulldog and a goblin. They 
are Ganon's main minions. Molblins only appear in the forests and they 
all shoot arrows. Arrows are just like rocks only a bit more powerful 
and harder to avoid. The red Molblins are easier to kill while the blue 
ones take more hits to kill. 

Armos: It is very easy to avoid these. They are statues that do not 
move at all unless you touch them. If you touch and awaken them, they 
can be a little pesky. In many places in Hyrule you will see rows of 
these. Some Armos guard underground caves and one Armos is covering the 
Power Bracelet later in the game. Don't even touch an Armos from the 
front or it will automatically hurt you. If you manage to awaken an 
Armos try to stun it with your boomerang at all costs and make sure it 
is frozen! If not you may have a problem for sometimes when they awaken 
they run around super fast and are hard to kill, plus when they run 
that fast, they chase you sometimes and will usually take a few hearts 
off. Awaken an Armos with caution. 

Ghini: These are ghosts that haunt the graveyard in Hyrule. In all of 
the plots of cemetery in the overworld, there will always be one Ghini 
roaming around. They take several hits to kill but are not all that 
challenging. If you touch any Gravestone, another Ghini will appear. 
You can touch the same gravestone a dozen times and a dozen Ghini will 
appear! Don't touch a gravestone from the front though or you will get 
hurt by the Ghini. Once you release a Ghini from it's tombstone, it 
will be invincible and you cannot kill it unless you kill the original 
Ghini that was on that screen when you came to it. If you already 
killed that original Ghini then you are out of luck. However, if you 
lure many Ghinis out from their graves and the original Ghini is still 
on the screen and you kill it, all the other Ghini will die and leave 
lots of good items so you can do that to stock up on goods if you need 
to but it is not all that helpful. In that case, pretty much just avoid 
the Ghini altogether unless you really need or want some items for 
there is only one gravestone in the first quest with some importance to 
it. 

Lynel: Like something straight out of Greek mythology. It has a horse's 
body and a Lion's head, with a man's torso. It carries both a sword and 
shield in it's arms. The toughest thing about the Lynal is that they 
can shoot swords just like Link can when he has full health. The sword 
is more powerful and does more damage then a rock or arrow. The red 
Lynal are the weaker version while the blue Lynal may take several hits 
to kill sometimes. The Lynal is the toughest overworld enemy and they 
are usually in the mountains more towards the last level. 

Zola: These are fish that pop out of the water to shoot balls of energy 
at you. They can be very annoying and hard to kill sometimes. You 
cannot really kill them with the first sword you have due to the fact 
that they take two hits to kill with it. Once you have the white sword, 
you will only have to hit them once. The reason they are so hard to 
kill is that they will appear in the middle of a body of water where 
your sword cannot reach so you can only kill them if they come up near 
the shore or if you have full health and shoot swords at them. They 
will also only be above the surface for only a second so you have not 
much time to attack them. I suggest just ignoring them for they are not 
that much of a bother anyways. Zolas appear pretty much in any place 
where there is water in the overworld. 

Boulder: This is not really an enemy seeing as it is not living but it 
can still hurt you. The boulders are also invincible so all you can do 
is run to protect yourself. In some places in the overworld, usually in 
the mountains near the last level, boulders will fall from the top of 
the screen non-stop and you will have to avoid them. Usually three 
boulders fall at a time. 
*****
Underworld enemies: These enemies only appear in the dungeons in the 
game: 
*****
Zol: Large blobs that move around the room slowly. If you attack a blob 
with the weaker swords then they will split into two gels. If you have 
a more powerful sword or weapon, one hit will kill the Zol. Zols are 
one of the most easiest enemies in the game.
 
Gel: If you attack a Zol with the first sword then they will split into 
two of these. Other than that, sometimes a room will be filled with 
many of these. They just slowly move any which way throughout the room 
and are so easy that the boomerang can take out them.
 
Rope: They are basically snakes. They will move slowly around the room 
but if you cross their line of vision which is anything horizontally or 
vertically next to them, then they will charge at you so beware. Other 
than that, they are pretty easy to kill. 

Vire: Blue demon things that slowly hop around the room. They are very 
easy creatures. If you hit them with a weaker weapon then they will 
split into two red Keese although even though they are red, they are no 
different from the black ones. If you hit the Vire with a strong enough 
weapon, you can kill them with one hit. 

Keese: These are basically bats. Sometimes rooms will be filled with 
them. They are very easy to kill as they will die if hit with a 
boomerang. They will fly around the room and may be a little hard to 
aim at. They are also in the rare sidescrolling rooms in the game. Two 
red Keese will emerge from a Vire if you hit it. 

Stalfos: Sword wielding skeleton warriors. They will just walk around 
the room and are not that hard to kill at all. 

Wallmaster: They can potentially be one of the most annoyest enemies in 
the game. They are giant hands that appear out of the walls sometimes. 
If you get hit by one, it will take you all the way back to the very 
beginning of the level. Many of them will come out of the wall at once 
and then emerge back into it a few seconds later. To avoid getting 
captured, attack from a distance if you can. If you get the clock in a 
room with Wallmasters, they will not appear which can be bad because 
usually you need to kill all of them in a room to advance into the next 
room. The Wallmasters usually guard the room next to the boss.
 
Goriya: Looks like some kind of rodent wearing a cloak. These creatures 
chuck boomerangs at you. The red ones are weaker while the blue ones 
are tougher of course. All Goriyas will chuck the weaker version of the 
boomerang at you until you get the magical boomerang. Once you get the 
magical boomerang then they all chuck a magical boomerang at you too. 
They are usually not that much of a problem though. 

Wizzrobe: One of the most annoyest enemies in the game. They are 
wizards that shoot waves of energy at you from wands. There are two 
kinds red and blue. Red are a bit easier to kill and they appear in an 
area, shoot their magic then disappear and reappear in a different 
area. The blue Wizzrobes take a few more hits to kill and will float 
around the room shooting waves of energy at you. They can move through 
objects and their energy waves seem more powerful and take off more 
hearts. The blue Wizzrobes are harder to kill and are more of a 
nuisance.
 
Darknut: Another obnoxious enemy. These are knights, simple as that. 
They wield a sword and a shield. What is so tough about them is that 
you cannot attack them from the front because of all of their armor. 
You have to hit them from either their sides or their back. Also what 
makes them so hard is that they never stop walking and if you creep up 
on them then they could do an about face and walk right into you taking 
off a heart. You have to use strategy and kind of approach them a 
little far away from them and strike with your sword. Be prepared to 
run if they come near you. It is all in the strategy how to kill them 
but always try to keep your distance. The red Darknuts are a bit weaker 
than the blues ones. The blue Darknuts are hard because it takes a lot 
of hits to kill them. 

Pols Voice: An odd shaped lump monster with big rabbit-like ears. They 
will hop around in a vertical line usually and take a lot of hits to 
kill. Arrows will kill them instantly so it is a good choice of weapon 
when battling the Pols Voice.
 
Lanmola: A giant centipede that scurries across the dungeon floor. It 
has body segments so when you attack it, it will gradually lose it's 
segments until it is nothing more than a head. Then just kill the head. 
Lanmolas move any which way. Red Lanmolas are a lot easier to kill. 
Blue Lanmolas are a lot harder because they move around the screen 
really fast. Just try to keep your distance and strike.
 
Like Like: Probably the most annoyingest enemy in the game if you let 
it hit you. Other than that they are not that hard at all. They are 
just large slimy blobs that slowly creep across the room. They look a 
little like cylinder tubes with a hole on top as it's mouth. What makes 
the Like Like so annoying is the fact that if you let it hit you, it 
will hold you there inside of it and eat your magic shield! Whatever 
you do, keep your distance from the Like Like. Fortunatly, the Like 
Like does not eat your shield 100% of the time but I would rather be 
safe than sorry. Try to stun it and avoid going near them as much as 
possible especially when other enemies are on the screen. What I do is 
I stun them with my boomerang and try to kill the other enemies first, 
then I try to stun them several times before and between hitting them 
with my sword. If it eats your shield, you have to go all the way back 
to the overworld and scavenger around to find enough rupees to buy the 
expensive shield that costs a minimum of 90 rupees and that is if you 
know where the shop is where you can find the shields that cheap! Oh 
what a pain! 

Gibdo: Basically they are mummies that wander around the screen 
aimlessly. They do have a lot of armor though so it will take many hits 
to kill them. Also, when you hit them they have a lot of resistance and 
will not fall backwards like most other enemies do. Then again, I think 
most enemies have a lot of resistance but still, the Gibdos have a lot 
of defensive power nonetheless. Just try to keep your distance when 
attacking the Gibdo. 

Moldorm: A red worm that crawls around in the sand. They are very easy. 
Just attack them many times and they will gradually lose body segments. 
Unlike the Lanmola they move very slow. 

Patra: Giant flying eyeballs with a forcefield of several smaller 
flying eyeballs. The main eyeball will just flutter there while it's 
mini-versions circle around it. Sometimes it will send the smaller 
Patra outwards into a big circle making it hard to avoid them 
sometimes. Sometime the smaller Patra will also circle the larger Patra 
by going every which way around it also making it difficult to attack 
the Patra. What you want to do is keep your distance and try to attack 
the smaller Patra first. Once you get rid of all of the smaller Patra 
then the larger Patra is vulnerable. Once the larger Patra's forcefield 
is gone, it is very easy to kill. The Patra are only in Ganon's Lair in 
the first quest. They are in a way mini-bosses. 

Bubble: Very annoying creatures. Not only are they invincible, but they 
are a pain in the ass. They are flying skulls surrounded by a evil 
white forcefield. If you get hit by a bubble you will not get hurt but 
you will not be able to use your sword for a few seconds which can be a 
very dire situation. The Bubbles also push you backwards a lot if you 
get hit by them so be very careful when Bubbles and Like Likes are in 
the same room together. The Bubbles move every which way throughout the 
room. In the second quest there are red bubbles which is one of the 
most annoyest enemies in the game. If you get hit by a red bubble, you 
will not be able to swing your sword at all unless you do one of three 
things. One, if you touch a blue bubble after being hit then you will 
be fine again. Two, go to a fairy's springs in the overworld. Or three, 
drink the potion. I would not want to waste a potion and it would be 
too much of a hassle to go to the overworld, so I would just try and 
seek out a blue bubble. 

Traps: These are little traps with spikes covering their sides that 
hide in the corners of rooms. When you cross their path, they will come 
towards you very fast. They are invincible so if you see a room with 
them in it, quickly hurry out of the way. 

Stone Statues: All throughout the dungeons, there will be statues that 
decorate the place. The statues face looks like a monster or a dragon. 
They are always in the very first room of every dungeon as well as in 
many other rooms. In some rooms in dungeons there will be these statues 
and they will shoot balls of energy at you nonstop. The stone statues 
are invincible so just avoid their energy balls. 
*****
Bosses: At the end of every level there is a boss guarding the Triforce 
piece in the other room. Sometimes these bosses will be in later levels 
in other rooms sometimes. These are the bosses: 
*****
Aquamentus: A large dragon that blocks your way with a large single 
horn on it's head. It will shoot three energy balls at you in waves. 
Just try to avoid the energy balls and head for Aquamentus's head, 
particularly it's horn. You can strike it's head once or twice then 
back away again before he shoots his energy balls at you again. Or you 
can just go up to his head and repeatedly attack his head until he is 
dead and not care if you get hit a little. The strategy is all up to 
you. 

Dodongo: A very large dinosaur like monster that creeps around the 
room. It looks a lot like a Tricerotops. Sometimes later in the game 
there will be three of these in a room together. Bombs are the only 
thing that Dodongos are vulnerable to. Just place the bombs right in 
front of their paths where they are going to walk and they will eat 
them. You must have good timing and judgment because they will move 
away from where you place the bombs sometimes, but it is not that hard. 
Two bombs will kill the beast. Another good strategy is to place 
another bomb on a Dodongo while it is eating the first bomb. While the 
second bomb explodes, it will stun the Dodongo and you can just kill it 
with your sword then in one strike. Doing this will also score you more 
bombs when the Dodongo is dead. If you have no bombs then you are out 
of luck so always make sure you have a lot of bombs before battling the 
Dodongo. 

Manhandla: A large plant like monster. It has it's body and four heads, 
one of each side of it's body. Each head will shoot energy balls at 
you. Attack the heads. A few hits will get rid of a head. Once you get 
rid of all of it's heads then it is dead. The less heads it has, the 
faster it moves. It normally moves in every which way. You can use your 
sword to kill it but that is very hard when it moves very fast. What I 
think the best strategy is, is to just strategically place a bomb down 
where it is walking towards. If the bomb is in the center of it, it 
will sometimes kill it. If it doesn't kill it, it will usually only 
have one head and another bomb on it now will kill it. 

Gleeok: A multi-headed dragon that shoots energy balls at you. They can 
have anywhere from 2-4 heads. Just attack a head and with a few hits, 
the head will be cut off. Once the head is cut off then it will fly 
around the room. If the head flies around the room just ignore it and 
concentrate on the other heads. If you just swing your sword like mad 
then you should usually kill it, but also try not to get hit by the 
energy balls of course. 

Digdogger: It is supposed to be a kind of land version of a sea urchin. 
This enemy is very easy. It usually just creeps around the room doing 
nothing. There will be statues that shoot energy balls at you in the 
room to attack you. Digdogger is pretty much invincible at first. Play 
the recorder and he will shrink and sometimes split into three smaller 
Digdoggers. These small Digdoggers are not that hard and they will just 
move fastly across the room, moving every which way. You can stun the 
small Digdoggers with the boomerang and a few hits whit the sword will 
kill a small Digdogger. 

Gohma: This is a large crab like monster that walks in a horizontal 
path and who is in a room with statues that shoot energy balls at you 
usually. Gohma has one large eye and it shoots energy balls at you. 
It's eye is it's weak point. Shoot an arrow into it's eye to kill it. 
Sometimes it will partially close it's eye, hindering you from shooting 
arrows at it. Wait for it's eye to open and then aim and shoot. One 
arrow usually kills the red Gohma while it takes a few arrows to kill 
the blue Gohma. 

Ganon: The final and ultimate boss in the game. You only will find him 
at the end of Ganon's Lair at the very end of the game. You walk into 
his room and he will appear. Then he will turn invisible. When he is 
invisible he will move around the room shooting energy balls at you. He 
usually appears in the same areas. Just try to station yourself in the 
center of the room or next to where he normally appears and keep 
striking your sword. Eventually you will hit him and he will appear for 
a few seconds. Keep doing this until he appears and turns a brownish 
red color. When he turns this color he is stunned and you only have one 
more thing to do. That last thing to do is to shoot a silver arrow at 
him. If you don't have the silver arrows you cannot beat him. Once you 
have the silver arrows just shoot one at him and he should die. Do it 
quickly though, for he will turn back to normal again if you do not 
shoot him fast. Once you kill him he will turn into a pile of ashes 
with the Triforce on top and you have just beaten the game! 

